
~/Docs/Proc/Sketchbook/ProcSketchIndex.txt

AQItoArduA/B --call PHP to get Air Quality # from web, send return
strings to Ardu to display

Uses handshaking to manage serial data flow to/from the Ardu,
loadStrings from PHP on local server, Serial object/ port; Pfont,
frameRate to control looping. B adds display of Ardu feedback in
Proc. and more control of Ardu wake up with key press

ArraySyntaxByte -- mod from Example 10-07 from "Getting Started with
Processing" by Reas & Fry, O'Reilly, Make 2010 --  in Proc byte goes
-128 to 127, so automatically wraps around @ midscreen

Uses: byte array syntax, draw some moving arcs to window

DardOmov -- moves DardO according to mouse speed -- inside app
window only Uses:rectMode,rect,triangle,arc,ellipse,mouseX,moving
avg

DisplayTypeText -- keyboard text entry, save to string, display
string in app window Uses Pfont, createFont, textFont,
text(display), keyPressed

GraphingPattern -- // Graphing background pattern, my experiment far
inferior to library

LoadFile2Vals -- Load text file as String[] - each line of file
makes 1 array element then split and cast tokens to int array for
each line; then display vals in bar-graph Uses: loadStrings, split
line to make # array

LoadFileTryFails -- failed mod of LoadFile2Vals, try/catch -> exit,
doesn't -- many problems

LP Example 19-08 read serial bytes LP Example 19-8 (says 19-7 in
book): Reading from serial port -- single bytes sent // from Ardu,
as in SensorReaderGrapher using .write Uses: Serial, port config,
serialEvent, port read

MatchIntinStringA -- attempt to match multiple similar things in
string -- match returns only first one; to find more than 1 I use
matchAll --> 2D array Uses: match, matchAll

Match Ints in String B -- take messy string and extract the integers
version A (v.s.) did it with matchAll's 2D array; version B is still
more complicated than it should be, but works; try to add float
extraction? Uses: splitTokens,StringList,match,conv. to
array,parseInt,replaceAll

Match Ints in String C -- using Pattern/Matcher J util w/ regex
still way more complex than matchAll; TODO try to add float
extraction ? Uses:
splitTokens,replaceAll,Pattern.compile,.matcher,.find,append,.group

PongHandshaking -- 4 values sent serially from Ardu, parsed as ints,
to control game objects in window, Uses: Serial,Pfont,text to
window,keyPressed,readStringUntil, handshaking to manage serial data
flow to/from the Ardu,serialEvent,split

SerialDataRead to Graph -- send serial bytes to stimulate response
 from device like Ardu w/ sensor which responds w/ 2 byte data. Plot 
 data to graph, works fine w/ Ardu Mega sketch USsr04megaSerTX sending
 ultrasound distances over USB UART serial or probably BT2 module
 Serial read code specific for 2 byte int, does not buffer input
 
Serial String Reader, mod from Igoe MTT ch2, proj2 Pairs with Ardu
(SensorReader) sending int data strings; Ardu sends a string when it
gets a char sent from Proc; v.i. KeyPressed code; mod code to send
repeatedly;
Uses: serial.buffer(#) or serial.buffer(ch)
  // set Serial to read bytes into a buffer until you get a linefeed (ASCII 10)
  // or set # of bytes
   myPort.bufferUntil('\n');// trigger serEvent when gets \n; print(x) doesn't
  // myPort.buffer(18);  // triggers serEvent when __ bytes comes; must match 
     // length exactly or will over/underrun; str.len + 2 if sending println
  trials of readString,  port.readBytes(array to fill or all)
  
Serial String Read BT 
 Pairs with Ardu SensorReader sending int data strings; Ardu sends a string
 when it gets a char sent from Proc; e.g. KeyPressed code; mod to send/recv 
 repeatedly; Serial read code here uses input buffer for Strings
 
 Also reads strings sent from Energia sketch like ReadBattVolt2LCD to monitor
 batt dc. Also used w/ Ardu USsr04megaSerTxBT and various BT2 modules trying
 to get transparent wireless serial Ardu to PC/Mac. Works w/ H3 (dual 2/4 mode) 
 which has BT 2 SPP service: w/ native BT or Broadcom BT multi dongle on iMac,
 I turn on BT, Pair w/ H3, then can set code to open one of its ser ports 
 /dev/cu.H3SPPDev et al. Will auto-connect when ser port active, disconnect when I 
 stop applet. team Leno PC with CSR BT multi dongle also can set up Ser port
 and connect to it (via Ardu ser. mon.)
 
Serial String Reader 3, from Igoe MTT ch2, proj2, major mods by AM
1512

    Pairs with Ardu's SensorReader3 sending int csv data strings
    autonomously, or when it gets a char sent from Proc; v.i. KeyPressed
    code (handshaking optional);
    
    Reads a string of characters from the serial port until it gets a
    linefeed (ASCII 10). Then splits the string into tokens separated by
    commas, puts into str array and prints them to console and app
    window. Makes a Table to hold the values, saves it. Uses:
    Serial,bufferUntil,readString,split,trim,Table & methods

Serial String Reader 4 -- Pairs with Ardu's SensorReader4 sending 3
int csv data strings autonomously, or when it gets a char sent from
Proc; v.i. KeyPressed code, if handshaking

Reads a string of characters from the serial port until it gets a
linefeed (ASCII 10). Then splits the string into tokens separated by
commas, puts into str array and prints them to console and app
window. Makes a Table to hold the values, saves it on key 's';
serialEvent meth graphs the values to the window as they arrive,
overwriting from serialEvent meth.

Uses: Serial,bufferUntil,readString,split,trim,Table &
methods,gwoptic lib-Graph2D

Serial String Reader 5 -- Pairs with Ardu's SensorReader4 sending 3
    int csv data strings autonomously, or when it gets a char sent from
    Proc; v.i. KeyPressed code, if handshaking
    
    Reads a string of characters from the serial port until it gets a
    linefeed (ASCII 10). Then splits the string into tokens separated by
    commas, puts into str array and prints them to console and app
    window. Makes a Table to hold the values, saves it on key 's';
    serialEvent meth graphs the values to the window as they arrive.
    this (v.5) reads stored vals in draw loop from Table when any new
    set arrives, adds backgnd gridlines
    
    Uses: Serial,bufferUntil,readString,split,trim,Table &
    methods,gwoptic lib-Graph2D, setYAxisLabelFont, GridBackground

Serial String Read 5 4V -- made for energia readBattVolt of 4 v.
    LiIon, sending 3 int csv data strings autonomously, or when it gets
    a char sent from Proc. KeyPressed code, if handshaking. Works over
    USB or BT slave mounted to MSP's ser I/O
    
    Reads a string of characters from the serial port until it gets a
    linefeed (ASCII 10). Then splits the string into tokens separated by
    commas, puts into str array and prints them to console and app
    window. Makes a Table to hold the values, saves it on key 's';
    serialEvent method graphs the values to the window as they arrive.
    this (v.5) reads stored vals in draw loop from Table when any new
    set arrives, adds backgnd gridlines & has optional lines to load old
    table and add to it.
    
    Uses: Serial,bufferUntil,readString,split,trim,Table &
    methods,gwoptic lib-Graph2D, setYAxisLabelFont,GridBackground,serial
    write of key, loadTable

Serial String Reader Grapher -- Reads int (as string of characters)
from a serial port, (e.g. sent by Ardu running SensorReaderGraph),
until it gets a linefeed (ASCII 10). Then trims spaces and returns,
and graphs ints to app window. Uses: Serial, serialEvent,
keyPressed,bufferUntil,readStringUntil,trim,drawGraph

Servo mega Tx Rx BT, control via BT I/O mod by AM for I/O w/ Ardu
    Mega + BT module, send bytes, get back ack; this mod sends u or d to
    control servo tilt, later mods add GUI, joystick button controls w/
    Enjoyable app (looks like it sends capital letter but really small)
    and GCP Configurator
    
    Ardu code: Servo Mega tx rx Bluetooth Use: config BT mod on Ardu,
    enable BT on PC, Pair; for Joystk, open Enjoyable, enable actions >,
    then run this, ID port, click in applet window for joystick to work;
    once Paired, hc-xx says 'not connected' but when you reopen serial
    connection it auto-connects again

Store Values in cyclic Array-- *orig: Proc/Help/Basic/Input/Storing
Input * Uses: frameRate,%modulo,cyclic write to update array w/
mouse X,Y

TableVoltageA -- mod from LP Ex 18-03 template for a Table to store
voltage dc readings: time,volt,curr in local txt or csv file; Uses:
Table,loadTable,new Table,set contents,print contents

Timed Drawing -- failed with do / while or while -- seems to block
key entry, drawing -- limited fx in Proc, same with delay(); here I
use conditional and delay to time-control drawing actions; or draw
loop could call another timer function

UDP mega Servo GUI v 2 -- tx/rx control w/ UDP over wifi -- Ardu;
folder has gui tab made w/ GUI builder w/ handler that prints value
to label mod by AM for I/O w/ Ardu Mega + ESP shield, send bytes,
get back ack; rx tx mod sends key u or d to control servo on Mega,
this adds GUI slider read/send servo angle from slider; later mod
add joystick button controls using GameControlPlus lib